=The Crow Princess of Fortune=
=Episode 26=
Let's end today's flower banquet here.
I am tired.
- Farewell, Father.
- Farewell, Your Majesty.
Help!
Murder!
Your Majesty,
Wu Wang?
What happened to you?
Your Majesty, save me!
Save me quickly!
No!
Imperial Preceptor, what happened?
Save me quickly!
Your Highness!
Your Highness, save me!
Save me!
Someone is trying to kill me!
And snakes!
There are snakes chasing me!
Let go!
Mother?
This...
Consort Shu,
what is this?
(Family Letter)
Grandfather,
the Imperial Preceptor used puppet
talismans to control Crown Prince
and tried to harm my Father.
He also put a slow-acting poison
in your sachet
to slowly destroy your dragon aura.
He colluded with Consort Shu
to place Crown Prince on the throne
and rule the court themselves.
All this information,
Grandfather, you can
investigate yourself.
Father,
I
know nothing about this.
Your Highness,
Wu Wang,
what do you have to say for yourself?
Your Majesty, I...
Still refusing to tell the truth?
Snake, go.
Bite him.
Give him some truth venom.
No!
Ouch!
Your Majesty, I am guilty!
I...
I had an illicit affair with Consort Shu
and we had a child together.
Xiao Jing is the child
between her and me.
I never expected this.
This is a huge scandal!
Consort Shu
used a dead infant back then
to swap away the Empress's child.
Actually, Xiao Heng
is the true legitimate prince.
I also altered Xiao Heng's fortune,
causing his defeat in battle
and crippling his leg.
I created evil formations
and harmed innocent lives.
Every single thing was done by me!
Hahaha!
This is terrifying.
I... I was deceived
by that wicked woman.
Consort Shu...
She...
It was Consort Shu!
She ordered me to do it!
She said as long as I helped
the Crown Prince ascend the throne,
she would let me
become the Retired Emperor
and enjoy endless wealth and glory.
I lost my senses.
I am guilty!
No!
Mother!
The criminal Shu
and the Imperial Preceptor Wu Wang
murdered the late Empress,
confused the royal bloodline,
and brought chaos to the inner palace.
Throw them into prison
to await punishment!
No...
Mother...
As for Xiao Jing,
though you are innocent,
from today onward,
you are stripped of your status
and reduced to a commoner.
Evil has met its punishment.
I didn't even get
the chance to predict it yet.
Father, hurry and get ready.
You're about to rise in status.
I am starving too.
Let's hurry back
and have Uncle Shiwan
make braised spare ribs for me.
Mm.
♪Little lucky star,
twinkling with a wink at me♪
♪Every Chinese New Year day brings
the luckiest fortune slip♪
♪The God of Wealth favors me,
the Matchmaker ties red strings for me♪
♪With firecrackers going off,
good things keep coming one after another♪
♪Make a wish on the very first day
of the Chinese New Year♪
♪By the second day,
my belly's already round♪
♪Always talking about dieting,
but the chub never disappears♪
♪Good food brings joy
and happiness every single day♪
♪With lucky stars shining bright,
every year is filled with joy♪
♪I'm bringing blessings to everyone♪
♪Hands clasped together in greeting♪
♪May every family be sweet and happy♪
♪With lucky stars shining bright,
may everything go your way♪
♪Endlessly flowing♪
♪Good fortune♪